Append Docs for Scan CRD (#68)
secureCodeBox/documentation: docs/api/crds/scan.md

The Scan Custom Resource Definition (CRD) lets you define how a specific scan should be configured.
The secureCodeBox Operator will then use this specification the execute the scan.

## metadata

> Standard Kubernetes Object (See [Annotations | Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/)) containing for example a `creationTimestamp`

Reviewer: I think the annotations page is a bit confusing here.
The general Kubernetes object page might be more helpful as this explains the metadata, spec, status keys.

https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/

Or linking to the metadata api docs, which seems to be the only page documenting every metadata field: 
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.20/#objectmeta-v1-meta

> ## status

Reviewer: I would move this under spec, as this is less important to most users.
The headline should probably be also be uppercased to match the other h2 headings

For an example on how they can be used see the [Scanning Networks HowTo](https://docs.securecodebox.io/docs/how-tos/scanning-networks)

## Metadata

> Standard Kubernetes Object (See [Kubernetes Objects | Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/) and [Understanding Kubernetes Objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.20/#objectmeta-v1-meta)) containing for example a `creationTimestamp`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata is a standard field on Kubernetes resources. It contains multiple relevant fields, e.g. the name of the resource, its namespace and a `creationTimestamp` of the resource. See more on the [Kubernetes Docs]https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/) and the [Kubernetes API Reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.21/#objectmeta-v1-meta))
```

## Status

Defines the observed state of a Scan. This will be filled by Kubernetes.
It contains (see: [Go Type ScanStatus](https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/main/operator/apis/execution/v1/scan_types.go#L49))

> * `State`: state of the scan

Reviewer: State is sort of a enum. The values are unfortunatly currently only hardcded not properly using golang enum / const syntax. The possible values can be found here: 

https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/main/operator/controllers/execution/scans/scan_controller.go#L105

> * `FinishedAt`: time when scan, parsers and hooks for this scan are marked as 'Done'

Reviewer: The casing on this list is currently inconsistent.

```yaml
apiVersion: "execution.securecodebox.io/v1"
kind: Scan

> status: null

Reviewer: I think adding a null status field might acutally make this example more confusing, as no user should write scans like this and they won't see them like this during the runtime 🤔
